FIND OUT.
DAVE REUBEN HOSTS THE REUBEN
REPORT.
WE DON'T AGREE ON EVERYTHING
POLITICALLY BUT IS HE A
SINCERE BELIEVER IN FREE
SPEECH.
WE WANTED TO TALK TO HIM
TONIGHT.
DAVE, THANKS FOR COMING ON.
>> GOOD TO BE WITH YOU.
>> Tucker: A LOT OF US
OVERESTIMATED THE
WILLINGNESS OF THE
DEMOCRATIC ESTABLISHMENT TO
COEXIST WITH PEOPLE WHO
DISAGREE WITH THEM AND YOU
UNDER ESTIMATED THE REAL
THREAT, THE ACTUAL
EXISTENTIAL THREAT TO SPEECH
THAT WE FACE NOW.
DO YOU THINK THAT'S RIGHT?
>> WELL, I WISH I COULD SAY
THAT THIS WHOLE SITUATION IS
SHOCKING BUT THIS IS EXACTLY
WHAT I HAVE BEEN RAISING THE
ALARM ABOUT ON MY SHOW FOR
THE LAST FIVE OR SIX YEARS.
AS YOU KNOW I COME FROM THE
LEFT.
I WAS A PROGRESSIVE.
I STILL CONSIDER MYSELF A
LIBERAL IN THE BEST SENSE OF
CLASSICAL LIBERALISM AND I
BELIEVE IN THE INDIVIDUAL
AND ALL OF THAT STUFF THAT
WE HAVE TALKED ABOUT SEVERAL
TIMES.
BUT I WANT TO ADDRESS A
COUPLE THINGS HERE.
FIRST ON THE WAY THAT YOU
HAVE RESPONDED TO THE
ATTACKS BY NOT APOLOGIZING.
I THINK THAT WAS EXACTLY THE
RIGHT THING TO DO.
YOU KNOW, ALL OF US HAVE
JOKED AND MADE MISTAKES.
ALL OF US HAVE A PAST.
ALL OF US HAVE DONE THINGS
THAT WE'RE NOT PROUD OF AND
A SERIES OF OTHER THINGS IF
YOU HAVE LIVED HAVE YOU DONE
THOSE THINGS INCLUDING, BY
THE WAY, THE VERY SAME MEDIA
MATTERS PEOPLE WHO ARE GOING
AFTER YOU AND ALL THE MEDIA
ELITE WHO ARE -- THESE ARE
PEOPLE.
>> Tucker: LET ME STOP YOU
THERE I AGREE IF I HAVE
WOUNDED OR WRONGED SOMEONE,
I WILL ALWAYS APOLOGIZE TO
THAT PERSON AND ASK FOR
FORGIVENESS.
I DO IT EVERY DAY.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
>> Tucker: I'M NOT GOING TO
APOLOGIZE TO MEDIA MATTERS
OR SOROS GROUP.
I HAVEN'T WRONGED THEM THEY
WRONGED ME.
I WILL NEVER BOW TO THEM
PERIOD.
EXCUSE ME, I COULDN'T
CONTROL MYSELF.
I'M FOR APOLOGY BUT NOT TO
THEM.
>> WELL, I COULDN'T AGREE
MORE.
BY THE WAY, THAT'S EXACTLY
THE MESSAGE THAT I THINK
YOUR AUDIENCE AND THE
AVERAGE AMERICAN NEEDS TO
HEAR RIGHT NOW.
WE HAVE WATCHED YEARS NOW OF
THE MOB COMING FOR
EVERYBODY.
AND AS YOU JUST LAID OUT, A
LOT OF THIS STUFF IS
COORDINATED BETWEEN
NONPROFITS AND MEDIA
ORGANIZATIONS AND THE REST
OF IT AND IT IS TIME THAT WE
STOPPED GIVING INTO IT.
AND NOT ONLY DO WE HAVE TO
STOP GIVING INTO IT SO THAT
A GUY LIKE YOU ISN'T TAKEN
OUT AND THAT A NETWORK LIKE
FOX ISN'T TAKEN OUT OR ANY
NETWORK.
WE ARE STILL FREE HERE IN
THIS COUNTRY FOR A LITTLE
WHILE LONGER I THINK AND I
WILL CONTINUE TO FIGHT FOR.
BUT IT'S NOT JUST THAT.
IT'S BECAUSE WHAT THEY ARE
REALLY TRYING TO DO IS
TRYING TO MAKE THE AVERAGE
CITIZEN, THE AVERAGE PERSON
WHO IS AN AMERICAN FEAR THAT
WHATEVER THEY SAID 20 YEARS
AGO THAT SOMEONE CAN DIG UP
ON FACEBOOK OR WHEREVER IT
IS OR SOME OLD AUDIO
RECORDING THEY GOAL AFTER
THEM.
YOU WERE JOKING AROUND WITH
BUBBA THE LOVE SPONGE.
I'M SURE AS A SHOCK JOCK DO
YOU KNOW OHIO WOULD LOVE TO
GET INVOLVED IN THIS FIGHT
IF HOWARD STERN HAPPENS TO
WATCH YOUR SHOW BY ANY
CHANCE.
FOR 30 YEARS HE WAS THE
NUMBER ONE SHOCK JOCK IN THE
COUNTRY.
IMAGINE THE POLITICIANS,
ACTORS, MEDIANS, AUTHORS,
THAT WALKED THROUGH THAT
STUDIO AND SAID COMPLETELY
BANANAS CRAZY THINGS,
SOMETIMES JOKING, SOMETIMES
PARTLY TRUE.
IT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER.
THE POINT IS THAT IF WE ARE
GOING TO COME FOR EVERYONE'S
PAST, GUESS WHAT?
THAT MEANS EVERYONE AND THE
SAME PEOPLE WHO ARE COMING
FOR YOU THEY BETTER WATCH
OUT.
AND THAT IDEA OF MUTUALLY
ASSURED DESTRUCTION IS NOT
IN THE -- IT'S NOT PART OF
THE AMERICA THAT I WANT TO
BE PART OF.
I WANT TO BE PART OF
SOMETHING THAT HAS A LITTLE
BIT OF FORGIVENESS THAT
UNDERSTANDS WE ARE ALL
IMPERFECT CREATURES AND
LITTLE BIT MORE RESPECTFUL
OF OUR ABILITY TO AGREE TO
DISAGREE BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT
THIS COUNTRY WAS FOUNDED ON.
>> Tucker: EXACTLY.
IN THE LAST 24 HOURS I HAVE
RECEIVED, I DON'T KNOW,
DOZENS OF TRANSCRIPTS OF
PROMINENT PROGRESSIVES
SAYING AWFUL THINGS ON THIS
SHOW OR THAT SHOW OR ATTACKS
FROM THEM.
WE COULD DO A WHOLE SHOW ON
THIS.
THEY SAID IT, TOO.
I'M NOT DOING THAT BECAUSE I
THINK YOU OUGHT TO BE ABLE
TO SAY WHAT YOU THINK AND
MAKE JOKES AND MAKE MISTAKES
AND I'M NOT GOING TO PLAY
THEIR GAME PERIOD.
I DON'T THINK IF I BENEFIT
FROM IT I'M NOT DOING IT
TELL US YOU I HOPE YOU WILL
COME BACK ON TO FURTHER
EXPLAIN IT WHAT COUNTY
AVERAGE PERSON WHO IS
ESSENTIALLY POWERLESS IN THE
FAILS OF THIS DO TO PROTECT
HIS RIGHT TO HIS GOD GIVEN
RIGHTS?
>> START SPEAKING UP NOW.
YOU KNOW, THIS COMES UP
EVERY COLLEGE I SPEAK AT.
EVERY PUBLIC EVENT I SPEAK
AT.
THIS IS WHAT YOUNG PEOPLE
ARE ASKING ABOUT.
I AM AFRAID TO HE CAN SPOO
UP.
I WANT TO GET THE GRADE.
I WANT TO GET OUT OF SCHOOL.
I DON'T WANT TO GET FIRED
FROM MY JOB.
THAT FREEZING ABILITY THAT
IS SILENCING GOD, DECENT
PEOPLE WHO USUALLY LEAN A
LITTLE BIT RIGHT.
THEY ARE USUALLY LIBERTARIAN
OR CONSERVATIVE, SOMETHING
LIKE THAT.
IMAGINE IF EVERYONE STARTED
OF SPEAKING UP.
AND I DON'T BELIEVE THAT
MOST PEOPLE ARE RACIST.
I DON'T BELIEVE THAT MOST
PEOPLE ARE BIGOTS OR WANT TO
DO HARM.
>> Tucker: OF COURSE NOT.
>> GOOD PEOPLE ARE AFRAID TO
SPEAK.
ONLY WAY WE ARE GOING TO
BREAK THIS THING AND
THEATION WHY THEY ARE COMING
AFTER YOU BECAUSE HAVE YOU
BEEN THE MOST VOCAL IN THE
MAINSTREAM FIGHTING.
THIS IF MORE OF US START
DOING IT THEY CAN'T TAKE US
ALL DOWN.
IF WE DON'T THEN WE WILL GET
WHAT WE DESERVE WHICH IS
SOMETHING FAR, FAR WORSE
THAN THIS COUNTRY THAT THEY
SEEM TO HAVE SOME PROBLEMS
WITH.
>> Tucker: I HOPE YOUR WORDS
WIND UP ON PEOPLE'S
REFRIGERATORS BAWTSZ BECAUSE
YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY RIGHT.
DAVID RUBIN.
>> I WILL KEEP DEFENDING
YOU.
MORE PEOPLE NEED TO DO IT.
YOU HAVE A LOT OF SUPPORT
OUT THERE.
HAVE YOU SUPPORT IN QUARTERS
OF THE LEFT THAT YOU DON'T
EVEN KNOW YOU DO.
THEY ARE AFRAID TO SPEAK
OUT.